#13 Maya v1.0.0 AdnMuscle documentation (#31)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/documentation/maya/muscle.md

# AdnMuscle

> AdnMuscle is a Maya deformer for fast, robust and easy-to-configure volumetric muscle simulation for digital assets. Thanks to the combination of internal (structural) and external (attachments) constraints, this deformer can produce dynamics that allow the mesh to acquire the simulated characteristics of a muscle with realistic volume preservation, fibers activations to modSulate the rigidity and attachments properties to external objects to follow the global kinematics of the character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdnMuscle is a Maya deformer for fast, robust and easy-to-configure volumetric muscle simulation for digital assets. Thanks to the combination of internal (structural) and external (attachments) constraints, this deformer can produce dynamics that allow the mesh to acquire the simulated characteristics of a muscle with realistic volume preservation, fibers activations to modulate the rigidity, and attachments properties to external objects to follow the global kinematics of the character.
```

Reviewer: Done

> The influence of these constraints have in the simulated mesh can be freely modified by painting them via the [AdonisFX Paint Tool](tools.md#adonisfx-paint-tool) or by uniformingly regulating their influence via multipliers in the attribute editor. Beyond these constraints, several paramenters to regulate the muscle's dynamics are available to modify the deformer's behaviour as a whole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The influence these constraints have on the simulated mesh can be freely modified by painting them via the [AdonisFX Paint Tool](tools.md#adonisfx-paint-tool) or by uniformly regulating their influence via multipliers in the Attribute Editor. Besides the maps and multipliers there are many other parameters to regulate the muscle's dynamics and behaviour to a wide array of options.
```

Reviewer: Done

# How to Use

> The AdnMuscle deformer is of great simplicity so set up and apply to a mesh within a Maya scene. The way this deformer works, a mesh (the simulated mesh) is set within a scene, usually with a series of attachments. Those attachments mark the anchor points for the muscle, prepared to act as tendons, and will set great part of the dynamics of the deformer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AdnMuscle deformer is of great simplicity so set up and apply to a mesh within a Maya scene. The way this deformer works, a mesh (the simulated mesh) is set within a scene, usually with a series of attachments. Those attachments mark the anchor points for the muscle, prepared to act as tendons, and will introduce great part of the dynamics of the deformer.
```

Reviewer: Done

## Requirements

To create a Muscle deformer within a Maya scene, the following inputs must be provided:

>   - <b class="mesh_color"> Attachments (A) </b> to which the simulated muscle will be attached to. Any transform node can be used (e.g. bones, locators, meshes, etc). This input is optional and unlimited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <b class="mesh_color"> Attachments (A):</b> Attachment anchors to which the simulated muscle will be attached to. Any transform node can be used (e.g. bones, locators, meshes, etc). This input is optional and unlimited.
```

Reviewer: Done

>   - <b class="mesh_color"> Muscle Geometry (M) </b> that the muscle deformer will be applied onto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <b class="mesh_color"> Muscle Geometry (M):</b> Mesh that the muscle deformer will be applied onto.
```

Reviewer: Done

> [!NOTE]

> > - It is not mandatory to select the attachments on creation of the muscle deformer. We can add and remove attachments after creating the deformer, check this [advanced section](#attachments) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - It is not mandatory to select the attachments on creation of the AdnRibbonMuscle deformer. Attachments can be added and remove after creating the deformer. For more information check the [advanced section](#attachments) for further details.
```

Reviewer: Done

## Create Muscle

> 1. Select the attachments (if any), then the geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the attachments (if any), then the geometry in that order.
```

Reviewer: Done

> 1. Select the attachments (if any), then the geometry.

Reviewer: Add the abbreviations and capitalize the names (and bold) like we do for skin

Reviewer: Done

2. Press the ![Muscle button](images/adn_muscle.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Muscle* in the AdonisFX menu. If the shelf button is double-clicked or the option box in the menu is selected a window will be displayed were a custom name and initial attribute values can be set.
3. AdnSkin is ready to simulate with default settings. Check [this section](#attributes) to customize the configuration.

## Paintable Weights

In order to provide more artistic control, some key parameters of the muscle solver are exposed as paintable attributes in the deformer. The [AdonisFX Paint Tool](tools.md#adonisfx-paint-tool) must be used to paint those parameters to ensure that the values satisfy the solver requirements.

> - **Tendons**: floating values to indicate the source of the muscle fibers. The solver will use that information to make an estimation of the fiber direction at each vertex. We recommend to set a value of 1.0 wherever the tendinous tissue would be in an anatomically realistic muscle and a value of 0.0 in the rest of the mesh.

Reviewer: Please capitalize after each `:` like we do for other deformers

Reviewer: Done

- **Attachment Constraints**: weight to indicate the influence of each attachment at each vertex of the muscle.

> - **Fibers**: the deformer estimates the fiber directions at each vertex based on the tendon weights. In case that the estimated fibers do not fit well to the desired directions, we can use the paint tool to comb the fibers manually. The fibers can be displayed using the [Draw Fibers](#debug-features) option in the deformer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fibers**: the deformer estimates the fiber directions at each vertex based on the tendon weights. In case that the estimated fibers do not fit well to the desired directions, the paint tool can be used to comb the fibers manually. The fibers can be displayed using the [Draw Fibers](#debug-features) option in the deformer 
```

Reviewer: Done

- **Compression Resistance**: force to correct the edge lengths if the current length is smaller than the rest length. A higher value represents higher correction.

> - **Stretching Resistance**: force to correct the edge lengths if the current length is greater than the rest length. A higher value represents higher correction.

Reviewer: Done

</figure>

> [!NOTE]
> - The attachment weights are normalised at each vertex. This normalisation is applied when a stroke is finished. The use of the AdonisFX painting tool is mandatory for that. The basics of the paint tool are explained in [this section](#adonisfx-paint-tool).
> - We recommend to paint the values for the most influent attractors at the end in order to avoid the internal normalisation override them in further strokes.

# Attributes

#### Solver Attributes
 - **Enable** (Boolean, True): Flag to enable or disable the deformer computation.
 - **Iterations** (Integer, 10): Number of iterations that the solver will execute per simulation step. Greater values mean greater computational cost.
     - Has a range of \[1, 10\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Material** (Enumerator, "Muscle"): Solver stiffness presets per material. The materials are listed from lowest to highest stiffness. There are 7 different presets:
    <ul><li>Fat: 10^7^</li><li>Muscle: 5e^3^</li><li>Rubber: 10^6^</li><li>Tendon: 5e^7^</li><li>Leather: 10^8^</li><li>Wood: 6e^9^</li><li>Concrete: 2.5e^10^</li></ul>

>  - **Stiffness Multiplier** (Float, 1.0): Multiplier factor to scale up or down the material stiffness.

Reviewer: Done

    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Stretching Multiplier** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the stretching resistance of every point.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Attenuation Velocity factor** (Float, 1.0): Sets the weight of the attenuation applied to the whole simulation driven by the Attenuation Matrix.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 10.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Hard Attachments** (Boolean, True): If enabled, attachment constraints will force the vertices to stick to target transformation completely.

### Debug attributes
 - **Debug** (Boolean, False): Enable or Disable the debug functionalities in the viewport for the AdnRibbonMuscle deformer.
 - **Feature** (Enumerator, "Muscle Fibers"): A list of debuggable features for this deformer.
     - Muscle Fibers: Draw *Muscle Fibers* fiber directions on the simulated mesh's surface.
     - Attachment Constraints: Draw *Attachment Constraints* connections from the simulated mesh to the attachments.

>      - Sliding On Segment: Draw *Sliding On Segment* connections from the simulated mesh to the segment the simulated mesh is sliding on.

Reviewer: Open dicussion. We expose sliding on segment here but we always refere to slide on segment. We might want to change this @carlosmonteagudoinbibo

Reviewer: @josevalverdeinbibo @enriquemeseguerinbibo @luisalbaceteinbibo @carlosmonteagudoinbibo 

I'm adding pending TODO's in this PR as I dom't have the resources at the moment to update screenshots
- Update Paint Tool UI Screenshots including Global Damping
- Update the Skin Deformer image with the image provide by Enrique
- We should maybe add screenshots for SOS constraints?
- Maybe add an example for the edge evaluator?

Reviewer: We agreed to rename it to "Slide on Segment"

 - **Width Scale** (Float, 1.0): Modifies the width of all lines.
 - **Color** (Color picker): Selects the line color from a color wheel. Its saturation can be modified using the slider.
 - **Fiber scale value** (Float, 3.0): can be modified to set a custom fiber length.

### Connectable attributes
 - **Attenuation Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): Transformation matrix to drive the attenuation.
 - **Attachment Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): List of attachment matrices  (from a compound attribute) used for setting up attachments.
 - **Slide On Segment Root Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): List of root matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints.
 - **Slide On Segment Tip Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): List of tip matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints.

## Attribute Editor Template

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor first part](images/attribute_editor_part_one_muscle.png) 

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 4:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor</figcaption>

Reviewer: Done

</figure>

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor second part](images/attribute_editor_part_two_muscle.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 5:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor (Advanced Settings)</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor debug menu](images/attribute_editor_muscle_debug.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 7:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor (Debug menu)</figcaption>
</figure>

## Debugger

In order to better visualize deformer constraints and attributes in the Maya viewport there is the option to enable the debugger, found in the dropdown menu labeled "Debug" in the attribute editor.

To enable the debugger the *Debug* checkbox must be marked. To select the specific feature you would like to visualize, choose it from the list provided in *Features*. 

### Debug features

The features that can be visualized with the debugger in the AdnMuscle deformer are:

 - **Muscle Fibers**: for each vertex, a line will be drawn showing the direction of the muscle fibers.
 - **Attachments Constraints**: for each vertex with an attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to its respective attachment.

>  - **Sliding on Segment Constraints**: for each vertex with a sliding on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to the closest point to its respective segment.

Reviewer: Also we have to decide if to use Slide or Sliding

>  - **Sliding on Segment Constraints**: for each vertex with a sliding on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to the closest point to its respective segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Sliding on Segment Constraints**: for each vertex with a slide on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to the closest point to its respective segment.
```

Enabling the debugger and selecting one of these constraints will draw lines from the influenced vertices in the simulated mesh to their corresponding reference vertices.

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle debug](images/muscle_debug.png)

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 6:</b> AdnMuscle being debugged (from left ro right, "Muscle Fibers", "Attachment Constraints" and "Slide On Segment")</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <figcaption><b>Figure 6:</b> AdnMuscle being debugged (from left ro right, Muscle Fibers, "Attachment Constraints and Slide On Segment)</figcaption>
```

Reviewer: Done

</figure>

# Advanced

## Attachments

Once the AdnMuscle deformer is created, it is possible to add and remove new attachments to the system. 

- **Add attachments**:  

>     1. Select the transform nodes (one or more) that you want to assign as attachments to the Muscle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select the transform nodes (one or more) to be assigned as attachments to the AdnRibbonMuscle.
```

Reviewer: Done

    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.

>     3. Press the ![Add Attachments button](images/adn_add_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press "Add Attachments" in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Press the ![Add Attachments button](images/adn_add_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Add Attachments* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.
```

Reviewer: Done

- **Remove attachments**:
    1. Select one or more transform nodes that are assigned as attachments to the Muscle.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.

>     3. Press the ![Remove Attachments button](images/adn_remove_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press "Remove Attachments" in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Press the ![Remove Attachments button](images/adn_remove_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Remove Attachments* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 
```

Reviewer: Done

    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing the ![Remove Attachments button](images/adn_remove_attachment.png){width=40px} button, all attachments will be removed.

## Slide on Segment Constraint

> Additionally to all previously mentioned constraints, muscles can have an additional, optional constraint. Here the user may add attachments that will define a segment over which the muscle will slide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally to all previously mentioned constraints, ribbon muscles can have an additional, optional constraint that can define a segment over which the muscle will slide.
```

Reviewer: Done

- **Add Segment**:

>     1. Select the transform nodes (two or more if this is the first segment you are adding) from which you would wish to make a segment for the muscle to slide on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select the transform nodes (two or more if this is the first segment to be added) from which a segment would be created for the muscle to slide on.
```

Reviewer: Done

    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.

>     3. Press "Add Slide On Segment Constraint" in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Press *Add Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.
```

Reviewer: Done

> - **Remove Segment**:  

Reviewer: Please add the same comment as for ribbon if it's not already there (I can't see it on Git):

```
> [!NOTE]
> - The transform nodes selection must follow a parent to child relationship in the hierarchy.
```

Reviewer: Done

    1. Select one or more transform nodes that are assigned as attachments to the Muscle.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.

>     3. press "Remove Slide On Segment Constraint" in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. press *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 
```

Reviewer: Done

>     4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing "Remove Slide On Segment Constraint" in the AdonisFX menu, all attachments will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu, all attachments will be removed.
```

Reviewer: Done

#### Scale Attributes
 - **Time Scale** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the simulation time step.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Space Scale** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the masses and/or the forces.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.

#### Gravity
 - **Gravity** (Float, 0.0): Sets the magnitude of the gravity acceleration.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 100.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Gravity Direction** (Float3, {0.0. -1.0, 0.0}): Sets the direction of the gravity acceleration.
    - Vectors introduced do not need to be normalized, but they will get normalized internally.

### Advanced Settings

#### Stiffness Settings

>  - **Use Custom Stiffness** (Boolean, False): Toggles the use of a custom stiffness value. If enabled, the Material is ignored and the Stiffness parameter is used instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Use Custom Stiffness** (Boolean, False): Toggles the use of a custom stiffness value.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

    - If custom stiffness is used, *Material* and *Stiffness Multiplier* will be disabled and *Stiffness* will be used instead.

#### Dynamic Properties
 - **Global Damping** (Float, 0.75): Sets the scaling factor applied to the global damping of every point.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 1.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Inertia Damper** (Float, 0.0): Sets the linear damping applied to the dynamics of every point.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 1.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Rest Length Multiplier** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the edge lengths at rest.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Compression Multiplier** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the compression resistance of every point.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Stretching Multiplier** (Float, 1.0): Sets the scaling factor applied to the stretching resistance of every point.
    - Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.

>  - **Attenuation Velocity factor** (Float, 1.0): Sets the weight of the attenuation applied to the whole simulation driven by the Attenuation Matrix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Attenuation Velocity Factor** (Float, 1.0): Sets the weight of the attenuation applied to the whole simulation driven by the Attenuation Matrix.
```
Also, I would add that the Attenuation Velocity Factor is applied to the velocities.

    - Has a range of \[0.0, 10.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used.
 - **Hard Attachments** (Boolean, True): If enabled, attachment constraints will force the vertices to stick to target transformation completely.

### Debug attributes
 - **Debug** (Boolean, False): Enable or Disable the debug functionalities in the viewport for the AdnRibbonMuscle deformer.
 - **Feature** (Enumerator, "Muscle Fibers"): A list of debuggable features for this deformer.
     - Muscle Fibers: Draw *Muscle Fibers* fiber directions on the simulated mesh's surface.
     - Attachment Constraints: Draw *Attachment Constraints* connections from the simulated mesh to the attachments.
     - Sliding On Segment: Draw *Sliding On Segment* connections from the simulated mesh to the segment the simulated mesh is sliding on.
 - **Width Scale** (Float, 1.0): Modifies the width of all lines.
 - **Color** (Color picker): Selects the line color from a color wheel. Its saturation can be modified using the slider.

>  - **Fiber Scale** (Float, 3.0): can be modified to set a custom fiber length.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Fiber Scale** (Float, 3.0): The scale can be modified to set a custom fiber length.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

 - **Slide On Segment Root Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): List of root matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints.
 - **Slide On Segment Tip Matrix** (Matrix, Identity): List of tip matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints.

## Attribute Editor Template

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor first part](images/attribute_editor_part_one_muscle.png) 
  <figcaption><b>Figure 2:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor second part](images/attribute_editor_part_two_muscle.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 3:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor (Advanced Settings)</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle editor debug menu](images/attribute_editor_muscle_debug.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 4:</b> AdnMuscle Attribute Editor (Debug menu)</figcaption>
</figure>

## Debugger

In order to better visualize deformer constraints and attributes in the Maya viewport there is the option to enable the debugger, found in the dropdown menu labeled "Debug" in the attribute editor.

> To enable the debugger the *Debug* checkbox must be marked. To select the specific feature you would like to visualize, choose it from the list provided in *Features*. 

Reviewer 2: I would avoid the second person
```suggestion
To enable the debugger the *Debug* checkbox must be marked. To select the specific feature to be visualized, choose it from the list provided in *Features*. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done

### Debug features

The features that can be visualized with the debugger in the AdnMuscle deformer are:

>  - **Muscle Fibers**: for each vertex, a line will be drawn showing the direction of the muscle fibers.
>  - **Attachments Constraints**: for each vertex with an attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to its respective attachment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Muscle Fibers**: For each vertex, a line will be drawn showing the direction of the muscle fibers.
 - **Attachments Constraints**: For each vertex with an attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to its respective attachment.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

>  - **Sliding on Segment Constraints**: for each vertex with a slide on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to the closest point to its respective segment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Sliding on Segment Constraints**: For each vertex with a slide on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh to the closest point to its respective segment.
```

Enabling the debugger and selecting one of these constraints will draw lines from the influenced vertices in the simulated mesh to their corresponding reference vertices.

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle debug](images/muscle_debug.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 5:</b> AdnMuscle being debugged (from left ro right, Muscle Fibers, Attachment Constraints and Slide On Segment)</figcaption>
</figure>

# Advanced

## Attachments

Once the AdnMuscle deformer is created, it is possible to add and remove new attachments to the system. 

- **Add attachments**:  
    1. Select the transform nodes (one or more) to be assigned as attachments to the AdnRibbonMuscle.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Add Attachments button](images/adn_add_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Add Attachments* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.
- **Remove attachments**:

>     1. Select one or more transform nodes that are assigned as attachments to the Muscle.

Reviewer 2: Done

    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Remove Attachments button](images/adn_remove_attachment.png){width=40px} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Remove Attachments* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 
    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing the ![Remove Attachments button](images/adn_remove_attachment.png){width=40px} button, all attachments will be removed.

## Slide on Segment Constraint

> Additionally to all previously mentioned constraints, ribbon muscles can have an additional, optional constraint that can define a segment over which the muscle will slide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally to all previously mentioned constraints, muscles can have an additional, optional constraint that can define a segment over which the muscle will slide.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

- **Add Segment**:
    1. Select the transform nodes (two or more if this is the first segment to be added) from which a segment would be created for the muscle to slide on.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.
    3. Press *Add Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.

> [!NOTE]
> - The transform nodes selection must follow a parent to child relationship in the hierarchy.

- **Remove Segment**: 

>     1. Select one or more transform nodes that are assigned as attachments to the Muscle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Select one or more transform nodes that are assigned as segments to the muscle.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.

>     3. press *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    3. Press *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done

>     4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu, all attachments will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing *Remove Slide On Segment Constraint* in the AdonisFX menu, all segments will be removed.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
